= SimRedis (Pure Ruby Redis simulator for redis-rb)

* http://github.com/peterc/simredis

== STATUS:

SimRedis is NOT READY FOR ANY SORT OF SERIOUS USE YET! Currently all of the generic and string methods are working OK, except for anything involving expiration or blocking.

== DESCRIPTION:

SimRedis is a Redis simulator for the popular redis-rb library. Essentially, you can now use Redis without a Redis daemon running. Everything is stored in memory only and is very thread unsafe, but persistence and locking comes in time.

== EXAMPLES:

    require 'redis'
    require 'simredis'
    
     r = Redis.new
     r.set("a", "hello world")
     r.get("a")  # => "hello world"
     r.keys("*") # => ['a']
     r.flushdb
     r.keys("*") # => []

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with Rakefile, version, or history as it's handled by Jeweler (which is awesome, btw).
* Send me a pull request. I may or may not accept it (sorry, practicality rules.. but message me and we can talk!)

== COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2010 Peter Cooper

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.